whirlpool corporation had this
incredible idea last year that it would
be really fun to build a house on the IU
campus between two home football games
the party's really over here
I'm just delighted that we can be part
of that helping to make life better for
for a lot of people for the past 11
years they've been donating a stove in a
refrigerator to every habitat home in
the country it's amazing that whirlpool
is able to donate that much of its
resources in inventory it says a lot
about their company organization to
people who run
I think the fact that whirlpool such a
such a successful corporation is
directly related to the fact somebody
their executives are Kelly school alumni
I just graduated from Indiana University
the kelley school business in 2009 and
have works for whirlpool since then and
for me habitat is just a great
opportunity to give back to the
community they really get it see them
focus on the need for housing their
spirit of generosity is unmatched it's
been exciting to see the CFO and other
whirlpool executives show up it's
tremendous and they're willing to get
involved I am grateful that there have
partnered with Habitat been willing to
be a part of this
oh it's been an awesome everyone's
really nice and I just been really cool
getting to meet the homeowners
this is the most fun project we do all
year we build an entire house in a week
and then we pick it up and we move it to
its final home we let it do more really
put a roof on best for furs ever
plus one try out the new red hard hat
that I got
excited to be here
thank you so much